So let's create a second
optimization branch.
And let's try to find
another optimization, okay?
So we're gonna do something
a little bit different this time.
I'm gonna go back over here.
Again, we're just branched.
We're in a clean state, so
anyone can start with this one.
And I'm gonna make sure
you have your nice path.
Correctly done.
So I'm just gonna call this one testing,
right?
And I'm gonna go inspect, I'm gonna launch
that server and let's go backwards.
Did I see it?
No, okay, good.
I just wanna make sure I didn't.
I thought I saw a bunch of fares.
I'm gonna just run 1,000
connections again, right?
That we are starting to get a nice good
overload on our server at about 1,000.
I'm gonna jump back over here.
And instead of going on
the Pro Performance tab.
Let's jump over into the memory tab.
And then we'll do
the performance afterwards.
So I'm gonna let this thing run for
a while.
The longer you let the memory one run for
the better.
And by the way,
you probably got hit here actually,
I'm gonna stop this you probably
got hit with this screen first.
Don't do heap snapshot down
to an allocation timeline.
Let's first start with
allocation sampling.
So allocation sampling is
a lot like how PerfTool works.
Imagine that as we allocate come in,
every so
much memory that's come through the
system, we're gonna take a sample of it.
Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
Where'd you come from?
Cotton Eye Joe, right?
Just grab that, put it in there,
put it into a stack and go, okay,
we have one object.
And then maybe thousands
of more objects come in.
It's come through, grabs another one.
So you really want this to run for
a while.
The longer you can run it,
the more rare events will also show up.
The more statistically sound your memory
kinda allocation scheme will look.
So I'm gonna let this run for
about a minute longer.
>> They're just asking if you could detect
major or minor GC in performance but
that's kinda what you're gonna get into,
right?
>> We're gonna look at just memory.
We're not gonna look, I mean,
we're gonna measure garbage collection.
The performance tool on node is not
as good as it is in the browser,
it just isn't as complete.
We can throw a little trace GC and see
how often these things are happening and
we can actually disambiguate between the
two and how long they're taking, but for
now, we're just gonna do this.
This will give us a pretty good indication
as to where memory's being spent.
>> So audio is good for the most part.
>> Yeah.
>> The only thing that's hurting us
is that you do end of next step.
>> Okay, so don't back step.
Can I walk off the side?
Okay, just checking.
All right, I'll try to stand still.
Firm.
Ready?
There we go.
All right, I'm gonna stop this.
So there you go.
This is our memory graph.
Look at what we see right here.
So I'm just gonna kinda go through
it much like the other graphs.
Every function that was
involved along the way to
the allocation is a part of the stack.
At the tippy top, the flat areas,
that is where the memory was allocated at.
And so you've just kinda
got to keep that in mind.
So I can see right now, play games right
here, we allocate a lot of memory in
the play game region, but most of it
is not play game, it's around these.
I can also see over here that a lot of
these are on connection, socket, socket,
duplex, right, start loop, right, right,
handle upgrade, complete upgrade, socket,
socket, socket.
So I'm gonna call this region WebSocket,
okay?
So this is WebSocket creating
JavaScript memory region over here.
If I look at this.
I see, okay, play game, game,
child set level, error, add chidings.
I'm not sure what chidings are.
I assume those are bindings for
children in the penal logger.
So this must be penal logger
memory being created right here.
Then we see these ones.
We see tick runner,
we see promise, promise, promise.
Okay, we definitely see
some promises in here.
We also see some ads.
This kinda sounds like potentially
some set stuff going on here.
Create bullet is in here,
because remember, we're still using sets.
So we can see these things cuz we're back
to the beginning, but this promise one is
pretty interesting cuz this is a lot
of memory right in here, right?
We are doing quite a bit of
memory in this one region.
And the reason why I'm zeroing in on that,
let's go over here and
let's take a sample from the performance.
We'll just do 10 seconds.
Just let it run.
All right, fantastic.
[BLANK AUDIO]